This repo is the solution I created for the MS3 Coding Challenge.

This app was built using Eclipse, an IDE for Java development. The most optimal way to run this will be to open the project on Eclipse and click "run", and it'll build the app and create the resulting files in the base directory. The data provided for this coding challenge is already saved as "data.csv"; however, if you want to use other data to test with you can replace "data.csv" with a file of the same name.

The majority of the time was spent trying to figure out how to read and write CSV files. I decided to use two lists of string lists to store the parsed CSV data. This would make it much easier to iterate through and find empty strings. As I went through the CSV file, row by row, I checked to see if the row contained any empty strings, shown to be an empty cell in Excel. Each row was stored as a string list, thus the need for a list of string lists. If the row contained an empty string, then it was stored in one of the lists of string list and written to the bad data CSV file. If the data was fine, it was stored in the other lists of string lists and written to the valid data CSV file. At the end, I counted the sizes of both lists of string lists to determine the number of records received, the number of records successful, and the number of records failed. I subtracted the valid data list by one to account for the header row.

I also assume that any other data that will be tested on is in the exact same format. The way I read and parsed the CSV file only works with more simple and straightforward CSV files, as I utilized scanners and BufferedReader. To address more complex CSV files, such as quoting and including commas as values, I would try to implement OpenCSV. However, I wasn't able to set OpenCSV up properly and was pressed for time.

I commented most of the code. One important thing to note is that instead of creating a SQLite database, I made another CSV file. This was because I have been rather busy lately and started working on the coding challenge rather late, so I had to efficient with my time. I also have very little experience with SQL, but if I had more time, I would have loved to spend the time learning about it and produce a solution that included it.
